The Red Star is a cult to the god [[Barro]], and although their exact headquarters is not known for certain, it is widely believed to be in [[Redmark]]. 

Members of the Red Star are devoted to routine human sacrifice and bloodshed in order to appease Barro, and apostles of the Red Star believe that they are the ones chiefly responsible for keeping Barro's wrath at bay. Barro does not have any preference for who is sacrificed to him, as long as they are sacrificed in such a way that they have an opportunity to fight back; in fact, Barro prefers if the prospective sacrifice takes a bit of their captors' blood with them. 

The Red Star primarily captures its marks and puts them to death in an underground fighting pit known as the Crimson Sepulcher. In some cases, captives are forced to fight apostles, who typically overpower them with ease. In other cases, the Red Star may capture those who they believe would serve as worthy apostles, and force them to fight each other in the Crimson Sepulcher. The last captive standing is then asked to join the cult, or given the option to leave with honor. In the latter case, the Red Star will never harm them again.

Those who join the Red Star are initiated through a process of ritual scarification and bloodshed. Each initiate is given a unique scar pattern across their arms and torso, and some may die in the process. This is considered Barro's will, and a sign that the prospective initiate was not worthy of being an apostle of Barro.

# Selection of Marks
The majority of the Red Star's marks are selected at random, typically kidnapped and sedated in the night so as to draw minimal suspicion and attention. There have been a few reported instances of notable warriors and fighters receiving written invitations to attend combat tournaments or competitions, only to be ambushed by the Red Star upon their arrival. These instances have not been verified.

In any case, the targets are then transported to the Crimson Sepulcher, where they are imprisoned until such time as they are ready to be sacrificed. Despite their ferocity, the Red Star treats those they have imprisoned with dignity and respect, sometimes going so far as to honor expressed preferences for food and drink. This is informed by their beliefs - specifically, that Barro will not accept a sacrifice of one who does not stand a chance. A weak and emaciated prisoner would be no match for an apostle of the Red Star, and as such, would not appease the Red God. 

# Sacrificial Combat
Once the time has come to sacrifice the prisoner, they are led to one of the Crimson Sepulcher's many underground fighting pits, where they are given the chance to arm themselves with weapons and armor of their choice. The prisoner is then compelled to enter the arena, where they must fight for their life against one or more apostles (or one or more other prisoners) while the rest of the cult observes. 

If the prisoner is able to survive the onslaught and be the last one standing in the arena, they are offered a place in the Red Star and the opportunity to serve Barro for the remainder of their life. If the offer is declined, the prisoner is permitted to leave the Crimson Sepulcher honorably, and will never be targeted by the Red Star again. 